feat: astro:env allow schema keys to include numbers (#11437)
withastro/astro: .changeset/loud-socks-doubt.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Allow env schema variables to include numbers, except as a first character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a case where Astro's config `experimental.env.schema` keys did not allow numbers. Numbers are still not allowed as the first character to be able to generate valid JavaScript identifiers
```
